#+TITLE: Hebi Li, the Homepage
#+OPTIONS: toc:nil

#+ATTR_HTML: :width 200px
[[./assets/hebi.png]]

# #+begin_quote
# 虽千万人，吾往矣。
# #+end_quote

#+begin_quote
Life is short, I don't have time for things that don't bring me joy.
#+end_quote

* Academia

I'm currently a PhD student in Computer Science department of Iowa
State University. I graduated from Electrical Engineering (1010) of
University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) in 2014 Fall. See
details in my [[file:assets/cv.pdf][CV(pdf)]]. I also have a
[[file:resume.pdf][resume (pdf)]] for industry interest.

I was researching in Program Language and Analysis from 2015 Summer to
2018 Spring, with one paper in submission to FSE-18
cite:hebi-syntactic-patching, and a framework code
[[https://github.com/lihebi/helium][Helium-V1]] and
[[https://github.com/lihebi/helium2][Helium-V2]].  Although I write a
lot of code, I actually like theory foundation more than
application. I'm starting to research in theory of statistical
learning and language theory from now on. More on this in the future.

I like to build software, specifically passionate of writing
[[file:functional.org][functional]] programs and climbing the ladder
of abstraction. The best language for that is
[[file:wiki/lisp.org][lisp]]. It is a family of languages, the
ultimate meta language that is ready for tuning as an ideal tool for
any tasks, instead of forcing you to think in its way. I believe
programming and computing has a basis on lisp, both the history and
future. You can find a list of my coding on
[[https://github.com/lihebi][GitHub@lihebi]].

I'm always passionate to sharpen my working environment, the Operating
System. I started to use [[file:wiki/linux.org][Linux]] from 2011 when
I got my first laptop. I started with Vim initially, and quickly catch
up with [[file:wiki/emacs.org][Emacs]] from 2015 as I entered graduate
school and be exposed to more English documents.

I like to build electrical hardware as much as I like for software.  I
played with micro controllers for 3 years in my undergraduate life.  I
was the leader of a team in USTC RoboGame 2012, and we ranked 3rd
among 26 teams. The robot precisely fetched a bunch of flowers, found
routes using image processing, climbing the ladders, and finally put
the followers precisely in front of the sculpture of Jici Yan. The
micro controller was Freescale XS128. You can see
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0EbvINeiy4][a small video]] of our
robot in the competition that day.


* Misc

I picked up skills for wooden projects and vehicle maintenance in the
US. I crafted a standing desk, a versatile workbench, a simple sofa
whose top is a slider for car engineering work. I have a Kawasaki
Ninja 300 and a miata for road trip, and do all the maintenance
myself, including replacement of engine oil and filter, transmission
oil, differential oil, coolant, spark plug, air filter, break fluid,
clutch fluid, and tire rotation.

I enjoyed traveling. I was driving along Road 1 in California along
San Diego and Los Angeles in 2015 Spring, experiencing Orlando
Universal Studio and cruising to Nassau in 2016 Winter, relaxing in
Las Vegas 2017 Spring. I road trip a lot, so I'm really eager to move
to the coast because I'm tired of all spots nearby. I drove the round
trip from Iowa to Seattle 2017 Summer.

Exercise brings me a lot of joy and energy. I finished
[[file:assets/finisher_certificate.pdf][full marathon (pdf)]] in 4h
35min, Oct 2017.

#+ATTR_HTML: :width 200px
[[./assets/marathon.jpg]]


bibliographystyle:abbrv
bibliography:index.bib
